Mr. Gu, this is the gift I chose for your mother
Brushed 1.28 million
Okay, let it go
Then Mr. Gu, if you have nothing else to do
I'll go out first
OK. Mmm.
So, Lucy, how are you feeling in Gemdale today?
I was supposed to accompany Mr. Gu to inspect today
But there are other tasks that were not completed temporarily.
No wonder Mr. Gu suddenly called me
Gemdale is the top shopping mall in the country
Natural style
We all work for Mr. Gu
In the future, there will be many places for communication
Mr. Gu
Be sure to get out today
Ok Mr. Gu
Come out with me.
Why do you feel that Mr. Gu looks at me with murderous intent?
Is it my delusion?
The reaction is fast
It doesn't matter who you are and who I am
The important thing is that you are beautiful
Body is also strong